Docs for data plane registration (#1332)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra-operator: docs/content/en/install/local/multi-cluster-helm/_index.md

false
```

### Register the data plane to the control plane

> [k8ssandra-client](https://github.com/k8ssandra/k8ssandra-client) is used to register data planes to control planes. It does this by installing a ClientConfig on the control plane.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:**
```suggestion
[k8ssandra-client](https://github.com/k8ssandra/k8ssandra-client) is used to register data planes to control planes. It does this by creating a ClientConfig custom resource on the control plane and a secret with a kubeconfig entry providing access to the dataplane.
```

Author: More detail than I think is strictly needed but it doesn't do any harm. Accepted.
